# 7.2 Mint 25 CCC to purchase a Bronze membership

In chapter 2.4 you asked the faucet to give you 100 commercio Tokens (COM) before sending you the money the faucet send you an invitation action (later described in 7.4) to The invitation needs to be sent your address before it was made public to the network.

Why, because only previously unlisted address can be invited to the network. This invitation action can be done only by members that already own a membership.
This requirement is to create a network of trusted companies where everyone is held accountable for whom they invite.

Now all you need to purchase a Bronze membership is 25 CCC. Let's mint them. We already know how to do it but let's refresh our memory

## Use cases

Sends a new transaction in order to invite the given _userDid_.

## Tools

The _Sacco_ library, our own open source tool to sign and send transactions to any Cosmos SDK based blockchain, including Commercio.network.

## Functions and APIs

- MintHelper _openCdp_.

## Background

From Wikipedia:
> A blockchain account can provide functions other than making payments, for example in decentralized applications or smart contracts. In this case, the units or coins are sometimes referred to as crypto tokens (or cryptotokens).

## Step by step sequence

1. Execute the MintHelper _openCdp_ function.

## Code Examples

Here's an example of the implemetation in all the available languages.

### _Dart_

```dart
final response = await MintHelper.openCdp(
  25, wallet,
);
```

### _Kotlin_

```kotlin
val wallet = Wallet.derive(mnemonic = mnemonic, networkInfo = networkInfo)

val commercioTokenAmount = 25000000.toULong()
val fee = StdFee(gas = "200000", amount = listOf(StdCoin(denom = "ucommercio", amount = "10000")))// optional
val mode = TxHelper.BroadcastingMode.BLOCK // optional

val response = MintHelper.openCdp(
    commercioTokenAmount = commercioTokenAmount, 
    wallet = wallet, 
    fee = fee,  // optional
    mode = mode  // optional
)
```
