# 1.10 Stable Chain and Stable Coin

## Stable Chain
The Commercio.network Blockchain is an Enterprise-grade third generation blockchain that removes some complexity problems of second generation blockchain like BitCoin or Ethereum:

**Any transaction Cost on our chain is defined in EURO and it costs €0.01 which makes it maybe the first StableChain in history.**

## Stable Coin
We have a second native cryptocurrency called Commercio Cash Credit (CCC) which will be used to make Euro transactions on the Blockchain. 

* CCC Commercio Credits will be generated on Commercio.network by providing Commercio Tokens as collateral.
* The Commercio Credits is a Stable Coin because it has the objective of maintaining an exchange ratio always 1 : 1 with the Euro
* 1 Commercio Credits = €1
* CCCs were created to make life easier for companies that do not want to face exchange rate risk or do not want to hold floating value cryptocurrencies for business reasons.
* If a company, for example, sends a document to one of its customers, it will spend 0.01 CCC to invite a user and 0.01 CCC to share the document and therefore only spend €0.02 in total.
* Every single transaction on the Blockchain costs €0.01, for example: creating an identity, creating a secure connection between two companies, sharing a document, signing a document, etc.
* There may be functions performed by entities outside the Blockchain, such as archiving and deleting a document. In this case the cost of the transaction may vary depending on the cost of the service offered.
* Since the value of 1 CCC is automatically maintained at €1, it may be even possible to buy a coffee with 1 Commercio cash Credits or any service that accepts it as an alternative currency to the fiat currency.
* Commercio Credits can be generated ONLY through a Native Smart Contract (CommercioMINT) by invoking a specific function called CDP that will place as collateral a quantity of Token defined on the basis of the market value of the Token.
* When a company uses a Commercio Credits the Validating Nodes will accept them as an alternative payment to the Tokens.
* So a company may be able to use the Blockchain Commercio.network without ever having to buy market price Tokens but only Commercio Cash Credits by exchanging them at a ratio of 1:1 for a € in Fiat currency.
* In the future, if Commercio Cash Credits crypto currency will be widespread and accepted, it is expected that it can also be exchanged for products and services by any member of the network.