# 1.3 Full node Vs Validator Node
The Commercio.network blockchain has two different nodes types: full nodes and validator nodes.

## Full node
Full nodes are nodes that stores the whole transaction history. They connect to the blockchain and each time a new block is finalized, they write it on the hard disk. This means that being a full node you will be able to read the whole chain transaction history, you will need to have a large hard disk space if you want to keep it running.

## Validator node
Validator nodes are just full nodes with the added ability of validating new transactions that should be added to the chain. In order to do so, they possess a private key with which they sign the transactions marking them as valid. In exchange of their work, they get back a reward that is given to them each time a new block is created.
Without validator nodes, the whole chain couldn't exist and if your company decides to becoming a validator and earn transactions fees, you will also contribute to decentralize the whole Commercio.network ecosystem.

## Node Diversity is Our Strength
Any Problem usually get solved quicker if we have multiple forms of interpretation. When everyone views everything the same exact way or even in very similar ways, progress is killed and advancement is halted. Commercio.network trys to foster diversity at every level.
Since security is the most important factor, we need to make it difficult for any one actor or event to control or damage the 51% of our nodes. We Commit to have high diversity of all areas: 

1. **Jurisdiction diversity**. The federated nodes should be controlled by entities within multiple legal jurisdictions, so that it becomes almost impossible to use legal means to halt the network.

2. **Geographic diversity**. The federated node servers should be scattered around the world so that it becomes almost impossible for a natural disaster (such as a flood or earthquake) to damage enough of them to halt the network. This geo-diversity needs to comply to the privacy legislation.

3. **Cloud diversity**. The cloud infrastructure the hosts the servers should be composed by different vendors (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Digital Ocean), so that it becomes almost impossible for one hosting provider to halt the network

4. **Operating system diversity**. The Nodes run on a plethora of operating systems, so a 0day exploit in a OS can’t be used to halt the network...

5. **Language Diversity**. The node servers should be written in different Languages, so a bug in a node can’t be used to halt the network...

## Why is essential to install and run a node?
Every extra node will add value to our network in three areas:
* **Immutability value**, more participants have a copy of the ledger
* **Decentralization value**, more stakeholders join the governance.
* **Distributed value**, more geographically diversity, more network resilience.

For this reason we encourage anyone to download the node software and run it on premise or on their favourite cloud service. 

## How easy is to run a server?
Very easy. Please follow the step by step instructions to install a Full Node on docs.commercio.network, you will find ad $50 coupon to deploy it on a popular Cloud service provider.