# 7.1 Creating a network of Trusted Companies
Commercio.network mission is to bring the Blockchain technology to give companies the freedom to sign and exchange any document. To that in secure way we need create a network of Trusted Companies.

Our Blockchain have a reputation system nominally linked to the identity of a company or person that operates in our network. We have called this system CommercioMembership.  There are two types of memberships:

* **Free Memberships**: Anyone who join our network is a Green Member
* **Paid Membership**: Anyone who wishes to buy a Metal (Bronze, Silver, Gold) to gain premium services.

There is also incentive mechanism to invite other members, that provides paying members bonuses in Token for accrediting other members.

**Our ultimate goal is not just to share DOCUMENTS, but to create a network of trusted organizations**

## KYC and AML primer
When a commercio.network green member upgrades to a metal membership, it gets accredited into the system with two procedures:

* KYC (Know your Customer procedure)
* AML (Anti Money Laundering procedure)

Customer due diligence means taking steps to identify the customers and checking they are who they say they are.

Know Your Customer (KYC) procedure along with the Anti Money Laundering (AML) regulations is designed to protect all network participants, as well as providing a quick and easy solution to check identity in seconds.

Every time a company buys a membership, even a €25 bronze, There is a trusted organization that will verify the member identity and assess their suitability to join our trusted network. The purpose is to try to limit the potential risks of illegal intentions towards the business relationship with other members. 

There is no legal obligation to do so, actually most companies never checks who they do business with. Commercio.network want to go the extra mile to foster the safest possible business environment among its members. 

## We follow our self-imposed guidelines.
The objective of our KYC guidelines is to prevent our members to do businesses (financial and non-financial), intentionally or unintentionally, with criminal elements for money laundering activities. Our internal procedures also enable businesses to better understand their customers and their financial dealings. We are developing a credit system called CommercioScore to help member companies to manage their risks when dealing with other members in a well judged manner.

* Customer Acceptance Policy;
* Customer Identification Procedures;
* Risk management.

## Our KYC controls include the following:
* Collection and analysis of basic personally identifiable information (PII). 
* Screening of identity particulars (PII) against global watch-lists to determine the status of public exposure (politically exposed person or PEP) and adverse media.
* Determination of the customer's risk in terms of the tendency to commit money laundering, terrorist finance, or identity theft.

## 5 levels of Memberships and Benefits
| Type   | Price          | Availability            | Benefits                   |
|--------|----------------|-------------------------|----------------------------|
| Green  | free           | Anyone                  | Access to ABR              |
| Bronze | 25 CCC         | Anyone able to pass KYC | Access to ABR              |
| Silver | 250 CCC        | Anyone able to pass KYC | Access to ABR              |
| Gold   | 2500 CCC       | Anyone able to pass KYC | Access to ABR              |
| Black  | With 50K token | Only Validator Nodes    | Access to ABR, VBR and FEE |

## The Membership ABR Incentive system
There is a reward value given to you, if someone you invite buys upgrades to a metal membership. The reward is based on your metal membership type and the membership that any user you have accredited buys.

| Invitee / Invited | Bronze | Silver | Gold  | Black  |
|-------------------|--------|--------|-------|--------|
| Bronze            | 1.25   | 25     | 375   | 5'000  | 
| Silver            | 5      | 75     | 1'000 | 12'500 |
| Gold              | 12.5   | 150    | 1'750 | 20'000 |
| Black             | 17.5   | 200    | 2'250 | 25'000 | 

Please note that the number of ABR rewards is capped to a maximum of **12.5 millions tokens**.
After all the tokens have been distributed, any invite will not be rewarded anymore.
