# 7.2 Mint 25 CCC to purchase a Bronze membership


When you asked to the faucet to give you 100 comemrcio Tokens (COM) (in chapter 2.4) the faucet also send you an invitation action (later described in 7.4) to your address before it was made public to the network.

Only previously unlisted address can be invited to the network, This invitation action can be done only by members that already own a membership. This is done for the reasons explained in the previous chapter 7.1

Now all you need to purchase a Bronze membership is 25 CCC

## Use cases

Sends a new transaction in order to invite the given _userDid_.

## Tools

The _Sacco_ library, our own open source tool to sign and send transactions to any Cosmos SDK based blockchain, including Commercio.network.


Let's mint them. We already know how to do it but let's refresh our memory

## Tools
The CommercioSDK, our own open source tool to format transactions to Commercio.network.

## Functions and APIs

- MintHelper _openCdp_.

##  Background
From Wikipedia:
> A blockchain account can provide functions other than making payments, for example in decentralized applications or smart contracts. In this case, the units or coins are sometimes referred to as crypto tokens (or cryptotokens). 

## Step by step sequence
1. Derive the wallet;
2. Execute the MintHelper _openCdp_ function.


- Wallet _derive_;
- MembershipHelper _inviteUser_.

## Step by step sequence

1. Generate the _newUserMnemonic_ using bip39 and save the value;
2. Call the wallet _derive_ function using this mnemonic;
3. Finally, execute the MembershipHelper _inviteUser_ to invite a member.


## Code Examples

Here's an example of the implemetation in all the available languages.


