# Generate many addresses with a single mnemonic

HD wallets are generated with mnemonic phrase for readability and better accessibility purposes.  Creating a mnemonic phrase can give you control of many accounts, all accessible with that same phrase.  

A mnemonic phrase generates addresses by taking the phrase and combining it with a piece of information called a “derivation path”. Together, they create an infinite number of accounts, using complex cryptography.  
To derive literally means to obtain something from a specified source.
In the crypto world context it means to obtain (a function or equation) from another by a sequence of logical steps, for example by differentiation.
So, how a derivation path looks like? Well like this...  

```dart
"m/44'/118'/0'/0/0"
```

Each of the numbers in that sequence play a part and each changes what the private key, public key, and address would be. The most important takeaway is that if you want the next address from a phrase, you just increase the last number by one:

```dart
Address #1: "m/44'/118'/0'/0/0"
Address #2: "m/44'/118'/0'/0/1"
Address #3: "m/44'/118'/0'/0/2"
….
Address #99: "m/44'/118'/0'/0/98"
```

Yes, as a programmer you should know we always start from 0 not 1.

You can generate a new wallet with your mnemonic by setting a different *derivation path* from the default one.  

## Use cases

Create a dedicated address derived from the same seed to pairwise every single person we interact with.

## Tools

The _Sacco_ library, our own open source tool to sign and send transactions to any Cosmos SDK based blockchain, including Commercio.network.

## Functions and APIs

- Wallet _derive_.

## Background

From Wikipedia:
> A cryptocurrency wallet is a device, physical medium, program or a service which stores the public and private keys and can be used to track ownership, receive or spend cryptocurrencies.

## Step by step sequence

1. Call the wallet _derive_ function setting the optional parameter **lastDerivationPathSegment**;
2. Finally, the result is a new address.

## Code Examples

Here's an example of the implementation in all the available languages.

### _Dart_

```dart
final mnemonicString = 'final random flame cinnamon grunt hazard easily mutual resist pond solution define knife female tongue crime atom jaguar alert library best forum lesson rigid';

final mnemonic = mnemonicString.split(' ');
final networkInfo = NetworkInfo(bech32Hrp: 'did:com:', lcdUrl: 'http://localhost:1317');
final wallet = Wallet.derive(
  mnemonic,
  networkInfo,
  lastDerivationPathSegment: '1',
);

final address = wallet.bech32Address;
```

### _Kotlin_

```kotlin
val mnemonicString = "final random flame cinnamon grunt hazard easily mutual resist pond solution define knife female tongue crime atom jaguar alert library best forum lesson rigid"

val mnemonic = listOf(mnemonicString)
val networkInfo = NetworkInfo(bech32Hrp = "did:com:", lcdUrl = "http://localhost:1317")
val wallet = Wallet.derive(mnemonic = mnemonic, networkInfo = networkInfo, lastDerivationPathSegment = 1)

val address = wallet.bech32Address
```
